.TH MCE 8 "Jan 20, 2011" "Nokia"

.SH NAME
mce \- daemon that provides mode control functionality

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mce
[\fIOPTION\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mce
is a daemon that provides mode control functionality.

On startup,
.B mce
will read the initial states of the various radios from the
radio states file and broadcast these states.

Notifiers are registered for various GConf entries,
as well as
\%D\(hyBus message handlers for the method calls that
.B mce
provides, and \%D\(hyBus signal handlers for the signals that
.B mce
listens to.

.B mce
will also listen to key events from the power button.
If the user preses the power button, the action configured in
.I /etc/mce/mce.ini
will be executed.

Among the other functionality handled by
.B mce
is the logic for the touch screen and keypad lock,
LED patterns and display backlight control.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-d , \ \-\-daemonflag
Run
.B mce
as a daemon
.TP
.B \-\-force\-syslog
Log to syslog even when mce isn't run as a daemon
.TP
.B \-\-force\-stderr
Log to stderr even when mce is run as a daemon
.TP
.BR \-S , \ \-\-session
Use the session bus instead of the system bus for \%D\(hyBus
communication
.TP
.B \-\-show\-module\-info
Show information about loaded modules
.TP
.B \-\-debug\-mode
Start mce even if communication with dsme fails
.TP
.B \-\-quiet
Decrease debug message verbosity
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Increase debug message verbosity
.TP
.B \-\-help
Display help for the command
.TP
.B \-\-version
Display version and author information

.SH GCONF KEYS
.TP
.I /system/osso/dsm/dsm/locks/touchscreen_keypad_autolock_enabled
.B bool
(read only)
.br
If this key is set to
.BR true ,
the touchscreen/keypad lock
will automatically be enabled when the screen blanks.
If this key is set to
.BR false ,
the lock will only be activated if the user triggers it
manually.

.TP
.I /system/osso/dsm/display/display_brightness
.B int
(read only)
.br
The brightness profile to use for the screen.
Valid values range from
.B 1
to
.BR 5 .

.TP
.I /system/osso/dsm/display/display_dim_timeout
.B int
(read only)
.br
Number of seconds to wait before the screen is dimmed.

.TP
.I /system/osso/dsm/display/display_blank_timeout
.B int
(read only)
.br
Number of seconds to wait before the screen is blanked.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /var/run/mce.pid
PID\(hyfile used by
.BR mce .
.TP
.I /var/run/mce/boot
File used by
.B mce
to detect whether the program was started on bootup or
restarted due to a crash/manual restart.
.TP
.I /var/lib/mce/radio_states
Stores the system radio states.
This file should never be edited manually,
and shall not be modified by any other process than
.BR mce ,
since the file is only read when
.B mce
is started.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mcetool (8)

.SH HISTORY
Jun 16 2010: Updated for new and modified functionality.
.br
Jun 13 2010: Various improvements.
.br
May 13 2010: Updated for modified functionality.
.br
Oct 19 2007: Use escape\(hycodes for hyphens.
.br
Apr 12 2007: Minor fixes.
.br
Oct 23 2006: Minor fixes.
.br
Oct 3 2006: Fix typo.
.br
Sep 23 2005: Fixed minor typos.
.br
Sep 21 2005: Initial version of this manual page.

.SH AUTHOR
mce and its manual page is written by
David Weinehall <\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to
<\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005\(hy2011 Nokia Corporation.  All rights reserved.
