.TH MCETORTURE 8 "Nov 22, 2010" "Nokia"

.SH NAME
mcetorture \- torture test for MCE

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mcetorture
[\fIOPTION\fP]... [\fITEST\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mcetorture
is a used to stresstest the mode control daemon, MCE.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-no\-leakcheck
Disable leak\(hychecking
.TP
.B \-\-no\-logging
Disable error\-logging
.TP
.B \-\-no\-abort
Do not abort on error
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-session
Use the session bus instead of the system bus for \%D\(hyBus communication
.TP
.B \-\-one\-shot
Run the tests once, then exit
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Display extra information when running tests
.TP
.B \-\-help
Display help for the command
.TP
.B \-\-version
Display version and author information

.SH TESTS

Valid tests are:
.BR blank ,
.BR mceinfo ,
.BR unblank ,
.BR dim ,
.BR radiostates ,
.BR cabcmode ,
.BR callstate ,
.BR tklock ,
.BR alarm ,
.BR battery ,
.BR charger ,
.BR led ,
.BR homeshort ,
.BR homelong ,
.BR powershort ,
.BR powerdouble ,
.BR powerlong ,
.BR gpio-keyslide ,
.BR touchscreen ,
.BR powershort-dbus ,
.BR powerdouble-dbus ,
.BR powerlong-dbus ,
.BR gconf\-brightness ,
.BR gconf\-timeouts ,
.BR gconf\-led ,
.BR dbus\-errors

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mce (8) ,
.BR mcetool (8)

.SH HISTORY
Nov 22 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 27 2010: Updated for removed functionality.
.br
Jul 2 2010: Updated for removed functionality.
.br
Jun 13 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Jun 3 2010: Updated for removed functionality.
.br
May 13 2010: Updated for new and removed functionality.
.br
Jan 7 2009: Updated for new and removed functionality.
.br
Oct 19 2007: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 19 2007: Use escape\(hycodes for hyphens.
.br
Sep 5 2007: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Apr 12 2007: Initial version of this manual page.

.SH AUTHOR
mcetorture and its manual page is written by
David Weinehall <\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to
<\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2007\(hy2010 Nokia Corporation.  All rights reserved.
