.TH MCETOOL 8 "Oct 27, 2010" "Nokia"

.SH NAME
mcetool \- tool to test mode control functionality

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mcetool
[\fIOPTION\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mcetool
provides several means of testing mode control functionality,
and to set or display mode related settings.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-blank\-prevent
Send blank prevent request to MCE
.TP
.B \-\-cancel\-blank\-prevent
Send cancel blank prevent request to MCE
.TP
.B \-\-unblank\-screen
Send unblank screen request to MCE
.TP
.B \-\-dim\-screen
Send screen dim request to MCE
.TP
.B \-\-blank\-screen
Send screen blank request to MCE
.TP
.B \-\-set\-display\-brightness
Set the display brightness level; valid levels are:
1\-5
.TP
.B \-\-set\-inhibit\-mode
Set the screen blanking inhibit mode; valid modes are:
"disabled", "stay\-on\-with\-charger", "stay\-dim\-with\-charger",
"stay\-on" and "stay\-dim"
.TP
.B \-\-set\-cabc\-mode
Set the CABC mode; valid modes are:
"off", "ui", "still\-image" and "moving\-image"
.TP
.B \-\-set\-call\-state
Set the call state STATE:TYPE tuple; valid states are:
"none", "ringing", "active" and "service".
Valid types are:
"normal" and "emergency"
.TP
.B \-\-enable\-radio
Enable the specified radio; valid radios are:
"master", "wireless", "cellular" and "bluetooth".
"master" acts as master switch; individual radios are only
considered if the master switch is enabled
.TP
.B \-\-disable\-radio
Disable the specified radio; valid radios are:
"master", "wireless", "cellular" and "bluetooth".
"master" acts as master switch; individual radios are only
considered if the master switch is enabled
.TP
.B \-\-set\-power\-saving\-mode
Set the automatic power saving mode; valid modes are:
"enabled" and "disabled"
.TP
.B \-\-set\-forced\-psm
Force enable the power saving mode; valid modes are:
"enabled" and "disabled"
.TP
.B \-\-set\-psm\-threshold
Set the battery level threshold for the automatic power saving
mode; valid values are:
10, 20, 30, 40, 50
.TP
.B \-\-set\-tklock\-mode
Set the touchscreen/keypad lock mode; valid values are:
"locked", "locked\-dim", "silent\-locked", "silent\-locked\-dim",
"unlocked" and "silent\-unlocked"
.TP
.B \-\-enable\-led
Enable the LED framework
.TP
.B \-\-disable\-led
Disable the LED framework
.TP
.B \-\-activate\-led\-pattern
Activate a LED pattern
.TP
.B \-\-deactivate\-led\-pattern
Deactivate a LED pattern
.TP
.B \-\-powerkey\-event
Trigger a powerkey event; valid values are:
"short", "double" and "long"
.TP
.B \-\-status
Output the MCE status even when executing a command
.TP
.B \-\-block
Block after executing commands; useful for commands that use
D\-Bus caller name monitoring
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-session
Use the session bus instead of the system bus for \%D\(hyBus communication
.TP
.B \-\-help
Display help for the command
.TP
.B \-\-version
Display version and author information

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mce (8)

.SH HISTORY
oct 27 2010: Updated for new and removed functionality.
.br
Jun 16 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Jun 15 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Jun 2 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
May 11 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
May 5 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
May 4 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
May 3 2010: Updated for modified behaviour.
.br
Apr 28 2010: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Dec 2 2009: Updated for removed functionality.
.br
Mar 16 2009: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Jan 27 2009: Updated for new and removed functionality.
.br
Jan 07 2009: Updated for new and removed functionality.
.br
May 20 2008: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 19 2007: Use escape\(hycodes for hyphens.
.br
Sep 4 2007: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Apr 12 2007: Minor fixes.
.br
Oct 23 2006: Minor fixes.
.br
Oct 11 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 10 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 6 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 5 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Oct 4 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Sep 23 2005: Updated for new functionality.
.br
Sep 21 2005: Fixed typos.
.br
Sep 19 2005: Initial version of this manual page.

.SH AUTHOR
mcetool and its manual page is written by
David Weinehall <\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to
<\fIdavid.weinehall@nokia.com\fP>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005\(hy2010 Nokia Corporation.  All rights reserved.
